hey guys I'm finally back with the new
video today and it's I know it's been a
while submit my last video because I was
trying to hold out to get my new phone
so I can record higher video quality for
my dominations games but you know it's
been delayed now so our I don't know
when they're gonna send it out so
hopefully they'll be soon so then I can
record I just want to record higher
quality because I know you guys are
getting tired of like 360 or less you
know me too I really wanted you know at
least 720 but well I guess we'll have to
wait and see
anyways today I want to talk about a new
update day were talking about and
apparently new updates gonna come out
soon with the new troop and if you look
at their Facebook it says its boast of
about two hours ago
it says about a new troop it's arriving
soon and the hint is this true
specializes in repairing and it says oil
boom and they had another one before see
if they say we strike oil and so I'm
assuming that's gonna be the third
resource kind of like in clash of clans
that had like dark elixir that's like
that third resource that they had so
we're gonna have oil apparently which
makes sense
let's see people are saying Gatling gun
I thought was get lingo might see it
because if you look right here it's like
a little a tripod thing kind of holding
it up
it says rapid fire so I don't know if
it's gonna be similar to like a heavy
and boom beach you know where it has
high attack but low defense high held
but low attack but then we already have
troops kind of that we had a Calvary was
like our Lancers and Knights were like
that before the generals are currently
like that so I wonder how this is gonna
work because I don't think it's gonna be
high attack low health because we
already have a ballista for that I
really wonder what its gonna be because
I feel like we already have so many kind
of troop combinations or like a lot of
troops are kind of taking so I don't
know this is gonna be a unique one or
not and so this is gonna be somewhat
interesting I wonder if the Industrial
Age is coming out too with this who
knows you know I guess something to look
forward to you know for the rest of us
that have kind of
hit that lightning age we're kind of
trying to you know figure out just to
upgrade everything but you know
upgrading takes forever and takes
forever to gain all the resources so
hopefully this new update will be coming
out soon and what do you guys think
about this I I'm excited you know I hope
that it's gonna be a good troop I really
think I'm really unsure about what it
can be because I feel like you know
heavy and boom beaches already kind of
done we already have something similar
to that it's gonna be rapid fire I mean
you know it's just gonna have more it's
probably have less damage per second but
you know like higher like attacking
speed so but who knows what its gonna be
any of you look at here it kind of looks
like there's a good defensive building
that we're gonna have I don't know if it
is or not that was look cool though it's
like kind of a defensive turret kind of
thing that would be interesting anyways
guys let me know what you guys think oh
let me know what you guys want to see
also because kind of struggling to see
what to make for you guys you know but I
hope you guys enjoy this video and I'll
see you guys next time